https://www.halhughes.com/services.html
http://www.daybreakcounselling.ca/index.html

https://docs.github.com/en/pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site/managing-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site

https://search.google.com/search-console?resource_id=sc-domain:theopenmind.ca



Luke has a master’s degree in counselling and psychology, and he is a registered
psychotherapist, (Q) in the provinces of Ontario.
Counselling and psychotherapy with Luke takes place in an atmosphere of confidentiality,
respect, understanding, and insight. Every person is a unique and creative being, your experience
with Luke will be a collaborative effort that is tailored towards your specific needs, life
challenges and goals.
Working with Luke can help you successfully overcome the specific life challenges that you are
facing.  It is also an excellent opportunity for you to better understand yourself and create
positive changes in your life.
The insight, personal awareness, practical skills, and empowering strategies you will develop can
enable you to experience effective and lasting benefits that will be deeply satisfying and truly
meaningful.
Luke utilizes an Existential approach that allows him to maintain flexibility while also helping
you benefit from aspects of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Rational Emotive Behavioral
Therapy, Logotherapy, Narrative Therapy and specific stress reduction techniques.
Luke specializes in Clients with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and will work with you to help
you gain a deeper understanding of yourself, emotional healing, personal growth, peace of mind
and inner peace.

For further details email-
Theopenmindcanada@gmail.com

Online/Phone
Telephone and Internet Counselling and Psychotherapy
I offer counselling and psychotherapy services via telephone or internet teleconferencing.
Some people live in an area where there don’t have access to counselling or psychotherapy
services.
Others find that doing counselling or psychotherapy through the telephone or webcam is more
convenient for them because of their own travel, geographical or scheduling commitments.
And other clients just prefer to work with me while in the privacy of their own home or office.

Fees
Fees for psychological services, counselling and psychotherapy are not usually covered by
government health plans.
However, these fees may be covered by your employee benefit plan, employee assistance plan,
(EAP) or private insurance policy.
There is an opportunity for sliding scale payments.
Appointments are of 50 minutes and the fee is $150 per hour. (Plus, HST where applicable)